.\" manpage for Linutil
.TH "linutil" "1" "October 2025" "Linutil" "Linutil Manual"

.SH NAME
linutil \- Chris Titus Tech's Linux Toolbox

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBlinutil [OPTIONS]\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
Linutil is a distro-agnostic toolbox designed to simplify everyday Linux tasks.
.br
It helps you set up applications and optimize your system for specific use cases. The utility is actively developed in Rust, providing performance and reliability.

.SH LIVE VERSION
To get started with the live version, pick which branch you would like to use, then run the command in your terminal:
.TP
\fBStable Branch\fR
curl -fsSL https://christitus.com/linux | sh
.TP
\fBDevelopement branch\fR
curl -fsSL https://christitus.com/linuxdev | sh

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR \fI<path>\fR
Path to the configuration file.

.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-theme\fR \fI<theme>\fR
Set the theme to use in the TUI.
.br
Possible values:
\fIdefault\fR,
\fIcompatible\fR.
.br
Defaults to \fIdefault\fR.

.TP
\fB\-y\fR, \fB\-\-skip\-confirmation\fR
Skip confirmation prompt before executing commands.

.TP
\fB\-y\fR, \fB\-\-override\-validation\fR
Show all available options, disregarding compatibility checks (\fBUNSAFE\fR).

.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-size\-bypass\fR
Bypass the terminal size limit.

.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-mouse\fR
Enable mouse interaction.

.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-bypass\-root\fR
Bypass root user check.

.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help.

.SH SUPPORT
If you find Linutil helpful, please consider giving it a star on GitHub to show your support!
https://github.com/ChrisTitusTech/linutil

.SH DOCUMENTATION
For comprehensive information on how to use Linutil, visit the Official Linutil Documentation.
https://christitustech.github.io/linutil

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Adam Perkowski.
<me@adamperkowski.dev>

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Since the project is still in active development, you may encounter some issues.
.br
Please consider submitting feedback if you do.
https://github.com/ChrisTitusTech/linutil/issues

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2025 Chris Titus.
.br
MIT License.
https://opensource.org/license/MIT
